Update connect sdk examples to latest sdks, update/correct doc links, update logo (#8)
TextureHQ/examples: connect/sdk/web/javascript/README.md

This example demonstrates how to use the [Connect Web SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@texturehq/connect-sdk) in a sample web application that is written using Javascript.

> More information can also be found in our [docs](https://docs.texture.energy/docs/connections/texture-connect).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information can also be found in our [docs](https://docs.texturehq.com/docs/connections/texture-connect).
```
I'm moving the docs to this new url
